LABELS
SEPARATOR COMMA
DATA
streptococcus_09919,Streptococcus entericus
streptococcus_00011,Streptococcus merionis
streptococcus_04630,Streptococcus suis
streptococcus_11960,Streptococcus parasuis
streptococcus_06016,Streptococcus suis
streptococcus_00563,Streptococcus suis
streptococcus_07833,Streptococcus suis
streptococcus_05958,Streptococcus acidominimus
streptococcus_02148,Streptococcus azizii
streptococcus_11918,Streptococcus marmotae
streptococcus_00010,Streptococcus varani
streptococcus_00167,Streptococcus minor
streptococcus_00073,Streptococcus ovis
streptococcus_11872,Streptococcus sp. X13SY08
streptococcus_11832,Streptococcus sp. DD13
streptococcus_00091,Streptococcus massiliensis
streptococcus_00088,Streptococcus himalayensis
streptococcus_07872,Streptococcus intermedius
streptococcus_09913,Streptococcus anginosus
streptococcus_07904,Streptococcus anginosus
streptococcus_02944,Streptococcus australis
streptococcus_11897,uncultured Streptococcus sp.
streptococcus_00115,Streptococcus parasanguinis
streptococcus_07830,Streptococcus parasanguinis
streptococcus_11948,uncultured Streptococcus sp.
streptococcus_11934,Streptococcus sp. HSISM1
streptococcus_11898,uncultured Streptococcus sp.
streptococcus_11947,uncultured Streptococcus sp.
streptococcus_11875,Streptococcus sp. DD10
streptococcus_11946,uncultured Streptococcus sp.
streptococcus_07856,Streptococcus peroris
streptococcus_07932,Streptococcus timonensis
streptococcus_11899,uncultured Streptococcus sp.
streptococcus_11870,uncultured Streptococcus sp.
streptococcus_03979,Streptococcus mitis
streptococcus_11945,uncultured Streptococcus sp.
streptococcus_03934,Streptococcus sp. GMD5S
streptococcus_11871,Streptococcus sp. GMD4S
streptococcus_11876,Streptococcus sp. GMD6S
streptococcus_01814,Streptococcus sp. VT 162
streptococcus_04012,Streptococcus oralis
streptococcus_06722,Streptococcus sp. NM
streptococcus_00192,Streptococcus pseudopneumoniae
streptococcus_00081,Streptococcus pneumoniae
streptococcus_05798,Streptococcus pneumoniae
streptococcus_00551,Streptococcus pneumoniae
streptococcus_02356,Streptococcus pneumoniae
streptococcus_08877,Streptococcus pneumoniae
streptococcus_06223,Streptococcus pneumoniae
streptococcus_09004,Streptococcus pneumoniae
streptococcus_01936,Streptococcus pneumoniae
streptococcus_06203,Streptococcus pneumoniae
streptococcus_06464,Streptococcus pneumoniae
streptococcus_08288,Streptococcus pneumoniae
streptococcus_00550,Streptococcus pneumoniae
streptococcus_10696,Streptococcus pneumoniae
streptococcus_07820,Streptococcus mitis
streptococcus_11863,uncultured Streptococcus sp.
streptococcus_11904,uncultured Streptococcus sp.
streptococcus_00063,Streptococcus gordonii
streptococcus_03973,Streptococcus cristatus
streptococcus_04001,Streptococcus cristatus
streptococcus_07954,Streptococcus sanguinis
streptococcus_11907,uncultured Streptococcus sp.
streptococcus_11944,Streptococcus sp. DD11
streptococcus_11900,Streptococcus sp. WM07
streptococcus_11883,Streptococcus criceti
streptococcus_00022,Streptococcus sobrinus
streptococcus_00014,Streptococcus sobrinus
streptococcus_07832,Streptococcus sobrinus
streptococcus_07817,Streptococcus sobrinus
streptococcus_00015,Streptococcus sobrinus
streptococcus_03955,Streptococcus sobrinus
streptococcus_03942,Streptococcus sobrinus
streptococcus_00001,Streptococcus sobrinus
streptococcus_00021,Streptococcus sobrinus
streptococcus_03953,Streptococcus sobrinus
streptococcus_03957,Streptococcus sobrinus
streptococcus_00023,Streptococcus sobrinus
streptococcus_03931,Streptococcus sobrinus
streptococcus_07831,Streptococcus sobrinus
streptococcus_07834,Streptococcus sobrinus
streptococcus_03956,Streptococcus sobrinus
streptococcus_00018,Streptococcus sobrinus
streptococcus_03954,Streptococcus sobrinus
streptococcus_07824,Streptococcus sobrinus
streptococcus_07829,Streptococcus sp. DD12
streptococcus_11869,uncultured Streptococcus sp.
streptococcus_11862,Streptococcus thermophilus CAG
streptococcus_11886,Streptococcus sp. HSISS2
streptococcus_07844,Streptococcus salivarius
streptococcus_11919,Streptococcus sp. CCH8-H5
streptococcus_06022,Streptococcus ferus
streptococcus_11840,Streptococcus sp. Z15
streptococcus_11884,Streptococcus pantholopis
streptococcus_07823,Streptococcus macacae
streptococcus_00053,Streptococcus ratti
streptococcus_11927,Streptococcus devriesei
streptococcus_11933,Streptococcus troglodytae
streptococcus_01815,Streptococcus mutans
streptococcus_00331,Streptococcus mutans
streptococcus_02605,Streptococcus mutans
streptococcus_11838,Streptococcus hyovaginalis
streptococcus_11844,Streptococcus thoraltensis
streptococcus_11845,Streptococcus halotolerans
streptococcus_11942,Streptococcus sp. 28462
streptococcus_00012,Streptococcus porci
streptococcus_00016,Streptococcus plurextorum
streptococcus_11868,Streptococcus hyointestinalis
streptococcus_11932,uncultured Streptococcus sp.
streptococcus_11935,Streptococcus sp. HSISB1
streptococcus_11854,Streptococcus sp. UBA4344
streptococcus_11908,Streptococcus sp. KCJ4950
streptococcus_11985,Streptococcus bovis
streptococcus_11984,Streptococcus bovis
streptococcus_11982,Streptococcus gallolyticus
streptococcus_11983,Streptococcus bovis
streptococcus_11978,Streptococcus gallolyticus
streptococcus_11972,Streptococcus bovis
streptococcus_11973,Streptococcus gallolyticus
streptococcus_11963,Streptococcus gallolyticus
streptococcus_11971,Streptococcus bovis
streptococcus_11977,Streptococcus bovis
streptococcus_11964,Streptococcus bovis
streptococcus_11979,Streptococcus bovis
streptococcus_11968,Streptococcus gallolyticus
streptococcus_11966,Streptococcus bovis
streptococcus_11975,Streptococcus bovis
streptococcus_11981,Streptococcus bovis
streptococcus_11974,Streptococcus bovis
streptococcus_11976,Streptococcus gallolyticus
streptococcus_11980,Streptococcus gallolyticus
streptococcus_00102,Streptococcus macedonicus
streptococcus_11965,Streptococcus macedonicus
streptococcus_11967,Streptococcus macedonicus
streptococcus_11970,Streptococcus macedonicus
streptococcus_11962,Streptococcus bovis
streptococcus_11969,Streptococcus bovis
streptococcus_11892,Streptococcus sp. UBA3373
streptococcus_11893,Streptococcus sp. UBA632
streptococcus_11864,Streptococcus henryi
streptococcus_00175,Streptococcus caballi
streptococcus_05696,Streptococcus orisratti
streptococcus_01804,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_05950,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_05954,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_02063,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_04390,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_00186,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_02064,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_09918,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_04284,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_01723,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_02159,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_09930,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_04286,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_04015,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_00944,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_00195,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_08003,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_01809,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_04418,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_09948,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_02071,Streptococcus agalactiae
streptococcus_01671,Streptococcus pyogenes
streptococcus_04401,Streptococcus pyogenes
streptococcus_04403,Streptococcus pyogenes
streptococcus_07971,Streptococcus didelphis
streptococcus_01727,Streptococcus dysgalactiae
streptococcus_11929,Streptococcus equi subsp. ruminatorum
streptococcus_00029,Streptococcus pseudoporcinus
streptococcus_09936,Streptococcus bovimastitidis
streptococcus_10375,Streptococcus uberis
streptococcus_00070,Streptococcus parauberis
streptococcus_00105,Streptococcus phocae
streptococcus_00026,Streptococcus iniae
streptococcus_07986,Streptococcus castoreus
streptococcus_11831,Streptococcus ictaluri
streptococcus_11836,Streptococcus urinalis
streptococcus_00084,Streptococcus marimammalium
floricoccus_00001,Floricoccus penangensis
lactococcus_00009,Lactococcus plantarum
lactococcus_00001,Lactococcus piscium
lactococcus_00005,Lactococcus reticulitermitis
lactococcus_00178,Lactococcus sp.
lactococcus_00173,Lactococcus lactis
lactococcus_00180,Lactococcus termiticola
lactococcus_00055,Lactococcus sp. UBA7220
lactococcus_00127,Lactococcus sp. UBA7065
lactococcus_00092,Lactococcus lactis subsp. cremoris
lactococcus_00183,Lactococcus sp. 1JSPR-7
lactococcus_00184,Lactococcus sp. KACC 19320
lactococcus_00059,Lactococcus lactis subsp. lactis
lactococcus_00020,Lactococcus lactis subsp. lactis
lactococcus_00137,Lactococcus garvieae
lactococcus_00186,Lactococcus sp. S-13
lactococcus_00017,Lactococcus lactis subsp. cremoris
lactococcus_00181,Lactococcus sp. dk322
lactococcus_00187,Lactococcus fujiensis
lactococcus_00188,Lactococcus hircilactis
streptococcus_11902,Streptococcus sp. sy018
streptococcus_11955,Streptococcus sp. sy010
streptococcus_11903,Streptococcus pharyngis
streptococcus_11956,Streptococcus sp. sy004
